This project is fully functional chess variant, minus Stalemate for now because I'm going to be honest, I forgot it existed. It should't be too hard to check for, just the checkmate code without the check part and removing the need for taking or blocking the non-existant offensive piece, I'll push the code once I update it (Maybe, don't count on it soon I've got severe ADHD).
Built in a way to allow for adding pieces with most possible movesets minus super specific ones like "Moves like a king, but teleports to the other side of piece groups instead of being blocked by it's own pieces", or "Moves along the edge of the board infinitely". However, the way it's made makes impimenting those kinds of super special moves pretty simple. Move and take rules are different, promotion can be extended to include any pieces you add that promote to different pieces, movesets and takesets can be dynamically changed at any time, includes en-passant and castling on both sides with all official legality checks, allows special moves and takes to be included very easily by simply giving the move as normal, but adding a callable to it that will return a boolean based on whether the move is possible.
I come from a JavaScript frontend background so expect a lot of arrays of ~~objects~~ "dictionaries" for basically everything, like movesets.
INCREDIBLY MINIMAL. This is made for me to extend for my own chess variant game, but since I couldn't find any barest-bones Godot chess templates out there that weren't hardcoded or in some kind of file-hosting site that linked nowhere, I decided to get to an MVP and post the chess base open-sourced, and I tried to keep usecases other than my own in mind while making it to try and make it a generic baseplate that wasn't hardcoded to only involve chess rules. For example, castling and en-passant could have been done pretty easily with their own stand-alone non-extendable functions, but I made sure that *everything* tied in with a compartmentalized system.
